update compose file-watch page to reflect passage to GA. (#18255)
docker/docs: content/compose/file-watch.md

title: Automatically update services with file watch in Docker Compose
---

> **Note**
>

> > `watch` is available in Docker Compose version 2.22 and later, and Docker Desktop version 4.24 and later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Compose file watch feature is available in Docker Compose version 2.22 and later.
```
